Issue-70- Added additional information on deferred stock update field (#935)
magento/merchdocs: src/configuration/catalog/inventory.md

|--- |--- |--- |
|Manage Stock|Global|Determines if you use full inventory control to manage the items in your catalog. Options: <br/>**Yes** - Activates full inventory control to keep track of the number of items currently in stock. <br/>**No** - Does not keep track of the number of items currently in stock.|
|Backorders|Global|Determines how your store manages backorders. A backorder does not change the processing status of the order. Funds are still authorized or captured immediately when the order is placed, regardless of whether the product is in stock. When the product becomes available, it will be shipped. Options: <br/>**No Backorders** - Does not accept backorders when product is out of stock. <br/>**Allow Qty Below 0** - Accepts backorders when the quantity falls below zero. <br/>**Allow Qty Below 0 and Notify Customer** - Accepts backorders when the quantity falls below zero, but notifies customers that orders can still be placed.|

> |Use deferred Stock update|Global| Determines whether to defer stock update if Backorders are allowed ((i.e) The Store > Configuration > Catalog > Inventory > Product Stock Options > Back orders can be set to anything besides the default value **"No backorders"**). It works for a single product or an entire website and uses the **Job Queue** mechanism to allow the inventory quantity indicators to update **asynchronously** after the orders are placed. It's an Enterprise Edition feature.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<span class="ee-only">Use deferred Stock update</span>|Global| Determines whether to defer stock update if backorders are allowed (when the [Product Stock Options > Back orders]({% link configuration/catalog/inventory.md %}#product-stock-options) option is set to anything besides the default value `No backorders`). It works for a single product or an entire website, and uses the _Job Queue_ mechanism to allow the inventory quantity indicators to update asynchronously after the orders are placed.|
```

> |<span class="ee-only">Use deferred Stock update</span>|Global| Determines whether to defer stock update if backorders are allowed (the [Product Stock Options > Back orders]({% link configuration/catalog/inventory.md %}#product-stock-options) option is set to anything besides the `No backorders` default value). It works for a single product or an entire website, and uses the _Job Queue_ mechanism to allow the inventory quantity indicators to update asynchronously after the orders are placed.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<span class="ee-only">Use deferred Stock update</span>|Global| Determines whether to defer stock update if backorders are allowed (the _Back orders_ option is set to anything besides the `No backorders` default value). It works for a single product or an entire website, and uses the _Job Queue_ mechanism to allow the inventory quantity indicators to update asynchronously after the orders are placed.|
```
